hey guys running here with another
redstone tutorial sorry if I sound a bit
weird actually think I sound Clara right
now but I probably sound a bit nasally
because i'm a bit sick today i will be
teaching you how to make an xor gate
this is it basically this is probably a
bit more advanced than the basic things
i've been teaching you what it does is
if the two locks are opposite the it
sends power and if they're the same it
is negative power so even if they're
both up it's still negative power and no
matter how the opposite it sends power
but to make these all you really do is
you get three put one on top then you
put a switch these your switches put
torches above the switches like that one
the torch their torch there and watch
their you leave one space oh it's going
night but so I should still have enough
time and put two blocks there now
connect redstone to all but basically
put back crap not there you meant to put
a redstone torch there on these red
stone on top and what else sweetie put
redstone there that really should be it
now coming from in between these two
parts you put the wire and you put a
door or what else uses power really just
doors basically now when the opposite
see how the light so opposite will post
not on it doesn't send power and they
both off it sends power still it doesn't
send power when they're both on it still
doesn't send power but when one's off
and ones on it sends power this is I
don't know I never really used these so
that's why I haven't really made a
tutorial until I figured out make one
alright so thanks for watching bye